---
id: abf6a99a-e0c4-4501-8828-9d99f72b903a
blueprint: post
title: '5 Most Common Mistakes Architectural Visualizers Make'
post_categories:
  - articles
author: fd85b2f7-006d-47dc-877d-5eb32e090442
feature_image: /posts/2019/09/19B30-Büro-B-Werkhof-Forsthaus-Bern_EXT_190312b.jpg
---
<p>Even skilled and professional visualizers make mistakes, and let us be honest mistakes are super annoying. For customers, clearly, but for visualizers as well. To help you avoid making the same mistakes as we have learned from we prepared a non-conclusive listed overview of common pitfalls, including a short description of how to fix them. </p><p>When trying to dissect this issue we found that mistakes mainly originate from a 2-sided issue: <br>The first part is related to actions that result in the <em>creation of an image, that just doesn't rock the way it should</em> and the second part relates to mistakes that make you <em>unable to stick to the set budget- and/or time frame</em>.</p><ol><li><strong>Putting too much time into the wrong things</strong> <br>As an architectural visualizer, you have to have a great eye for detail, and on some occasions, this means that you get a little too lost in your work, which is totally great if this effort is visible in the finished image. However, since visualizers work in 3D, but the final image only projects a 2D point-of-view, there are modeling details that may not be seen. Thus, working on these details - even though it is always nice to have a great 3D-model - can become wasted time and effort.<br><br><strong>How to fix it:</strong> This mistake can be taken care of by keeping focused on what is seen in the scene and what is essential for the image. Much like working on a stage-set, putting a greater effort into things that are in focus and less effort into things that are in the background, or just not directly vital for achieving an amazing-looking end result.<br><br></li><li><strong>Trying to show too many things at once (no focus - no clear message)</strong><br>This point is somewhat similar to point 1, however, it is focused more on the creation of a holistic image, rather than a matter of time and budget. This is caused by wanting to show too many design-features at once - sometimes possibly because this is pushed by the customer. However, an unclear image-focus can result in a diffuse or messy-looking image, which undermines the ability to prove the concept of the design. <br><br><strong>How to fix it</strong>: Fixing it includes sticking to your purpose: creating an inspiring image! Do not get lost in details that do not enhance the aesthetic qualities of the image, and explain your artistic choices to the customer.   <br><br></li><li><strong>Not being clear about the type of image you want to achieve (e.g. the mood), and not questioning the development an image takes in the process</strong> <br>The first part of the issue relates to the starting phase of a project when it is essential that you develop a very clear idea of what you want to achieve. If you do not, it can be very hard (almost impossible) to create a streamlined set of actions that will lead you to a coherent and truly convincing image result. Secondly, if you have decided on an idea and you do not realize - while in the creation process - that this initial idea will not give you the best outcome, then you will most likely also end up with unused potential in your final result.<br><br><strong>How to fix it:</strong> Essentially to fix this it is essential that you have a great overview of the process from beginning to end. And, it is important that you prepare for the project you are working on: If you feel uninspired; try to seek inspiration and gather information e.g. about your client’s preferences. At the same time, do not be rigid and try to avoid going through the process with a tunnel vision that only focuses on your initial image idea. However, do be agile, flexible and aware of the direction the image takes, go with the flow if this appears more promising. Only a good grip of the image-making process will allow you to make the most of an inspiration.<br><br></li><li><strong>Over-correcting an image in post-production</strong> <br>Post-production includes the finishing touch that is put on a rendered image, which at Nightnurse Images is done in Photoshop. A mistake related to this finishing part of the image process includes over-doing it in Photoshop. This can happen because you are trying to compensate for deficiencies in the rendered image, mostly lighting or material properties. However, these corrections will often result in an artificial-looking image. The human eye is amazing - it will catch when objects, materials, and lightning do not match. This irritation can be the desired effect - but if it simply happens, it can become irritating.<br><br><strong>How to fix it:</strong> The only way to really fix this problem is to go back to the 3D-model and rework material setup and lighting in your scene, so you get a better rendering. If a large portion of the images needs to be changed or adjusted, you will get a better final result if you change it in your 3D-model rather than in post-production.<br><br></li><li><strong>Not discussing the end-result / target group upfront with the customer</strong> <br>This mistake is about failing to understand or recognize what it is, that the customer actually wants, and therefore ending up creating a picture that they are not happy with. This will lead to hours of lost work effort. Especially, in situations when the customers themselves are not really aware of what they want, this mistake can easily occur.<br><br>How to fix it: This mistake can be fixed by making sure that you communicate clearly with your customer, and that you make sure that they understand your wording, vision, and intentions. And lastly, be sure that you are nor pushing your own vision above that of your customer - unless you are hired to do just that. Then push hard.</li></ol><p>NB. The mistakes are not presented in a prioritized manner - they are simply just presented as a numbered collection. Which is certainly not conclusive. We'll make sure to collect snags as they happen...</p>