---
id: 7e9f61c9-1900-492b-933d-c52bf64e20d5
blueprint: post
title: 'Nightnurse Images x MADI - IUAV'
post_categories:
  - behind-the-scenes
author: 32386d56-33f2-40d4-acf2-7dc456350894
---

<p>In the world of Architectural Visualization, the pursuit of excellence is an ongoing journey. It is a field that thrives on innovation, creativity, and a constant thirst for fresh perspectives. Nightnurse keeps its edge by collaborating with universities to discover and nurture emerging talent.</p>



<p>Here we would like to talk about the ongoing collaboration between Nightnurse Images and the Post-Gradute Master in Digital Architecture - MADI IUAV - Venice, where the goal is not only to seek out talented interns but also to contribute to the education and growth of future visualizers.</p>



<p>The university's master's program in digital architecture is known for its rigorous curriculum and commitment to nurturing talent. Students in the program are exposed to a wide range of cutting-edge technologies and real-world challenges, which prepare them for today's world of work.</p>



<p>In detail, the Nightnurse would be the following:</p>


<!-- wp:list {"ordered":true} -->
<ol><li><strong>Early Engagement: </strong>During the academic year, the university organizes so-called "meet the firm" events where students have the opportunity to meet among the top firms in Europe. The process begins with an early engagement between Nightnurse Images and the MADI.</li><li><strong>Candidates Selection:</strong> After the initial discussions, applicants are carefully selected. Candidates send their portfolios, where they bring together all their best images produced during the course of their studies</li><li><strong>Internship Opportunity: </strong>The university's master's program invites all the students to apply for internships with the visualization firm. These internships are highly sought after, as they provide students with invaluable hands-on experience and exposure to the professional world.</li><li><strong>Mentorship and Training:</strong> Once the interns are selected, they are integrated into the firm's projects and assigned mentors. These mentors guide them through the intricacies of architectural visualization, providing them with personalized training and constructive feedback.</li></ol>
<!-- /wp:list -->

<!-- wp:paragraph {"hasCustomCSS":true} -->
<p>We are honoured to be part of this program, which connects us with young talents distinguished by high technical knowledge and remarkable personal qualities. We currently count three MADI alumni on our staff, including a Senior Visualizer and Project Leader with us for 7 years. In addition to that two interns have just started their internships that is required for their graduation.</p>
