---
id: 55cceba2-bbd5-45e6-85d0-ad6166520726
blueprint: post
title: 'D2 Conferences 2023: A Glimpse into the Exciting World of CGI'
post_categories:
  - events
author: 32386d56-33f2-40d4-acf2-7dc456350894
---

<p>If you're looking for a front-row seat to all things CGI, then you've come to the right place. The D2 Conferences in Vienna is where the magic happens, and we have some insights to share with you.</p>



<p>Now in its 10th year, the D2 Conferences is an annual meeting of CGI experts, artists, and tech geeks. This event is more than just a conference; it's an immersive experience celebrating the fusion of technology and creativity.</p>



<p>One of the standout features of the D2 Conferences is the stellar line-up of speakers. These are the rock stars of the CGI world. This year the names were many, such as <strong>PATRICK VOGEL (alt/shift), PAUL NICHOLLS (FactoryFifteen), EUGENE RIECANSKY (Pixar), Andrea Pedrotti (BrickVisual), WeNarrative, ElevenVisualitation</strong> and last but not least <strong>Eric de Broche (Luxigon). </strong><br>They spill the beans on the latest techniques, trends, and tools they use to craft those jaw-dropping visuals we all love. You get to hear first-hand about their journeys, from rookie mistakes to groundbreaking achievements, which can be both inspiring and hilarious.</p>



<p>But it's not all serious business at D2. You'll find a buzzing social scene between the intense talks and workshops. Picture this: You're sipping on a beer, chatting with fellow enthusiasts, and maybe even striking up a conversation with that animator whose work you've admired for years. The atmosphere is relaxed and conducive to networking and connecting with people who share your passion.</p>



<p>And what's a conference without a bit of friendly competition? D2 hosts contests and showcases where budding CGI artists can strut their stuff and gain recognition. It's a fantastic platform for emerging talent to shine and get noticed by industry bigwigs.</p>



<p>Vienna itself adds an extra layer of charm to the D2 Conferences. When you're not engrossed in CGI talks, you can explore the city's rich history, indulge in its culinary delights, and soak up its artistic heritage. It's a perfect blend of old-world elegance and cutting-edge technology.</p>



<p>So, if you're passionate about CGI or just curious about this fascinating world, mark your calendar for the next D2 Conferences in Vienna. It's an adventure you won't want to miss!</p>
